# 1.1 Teamwork

## Part One: Interview
### Interlocutor's questions
1. What do you think is the role of a team leader?
2. What are the effective ways to boost team morale?
3. What is essential in successful team building?
4. Is it a good ideal to hire a team building provider?
### Suggested answer
1. A team leader is a person who leads a group of individuals to achieve set objectives or goals. Providing instruction and coordinating the team work, are the major responsibilities of a team leader.
2. One way is to organize team-related events, so that employees feel more connected to one another. Another way is to give incentives to those who have performed well.
3. I think the secret of succeessful team building is setting up mutual trust. When members share a trusting relationship, they will better communicate with each other. This helps to bring out potentials and creativity of individual, and create good work environment.
4. Yes, If we get professional advice from a team building provider, we can improve the way team member communicate, upgrade their ability to solve problems and increase work efficiency in general.


## Part Three: Collaborative Task and Discussion
### A Good Team Leader
The compnay you work for is thinking of selecting a new team leader. You have been aksed to make suggestions about the makings of a good team leader.
Discuss the situation together, and decide:
- what personal qualities a team leader should possess
- what leadership style a good team leader should choose

### Suggested answer
1. I think the most important personal quality we expect in a good team leader is 🎈`integrity` -- a good team leader should be `an honest and trustworth person`.
1. Yes I'm quite with you here. Integrity helps `enhance cooperation` and `build up good working atmosphere`.
1. 🎈`Competence` is another important leadership quality. A good team leader should be `experienced` and `capable of coordinating tasks`. A competent team leader can always command the attention and respect of the team members. So that he or she can `direct the team efficiently` and `provide assistance when necessary`.
1. I agree. 🎈`Decisiveness` is also important. A good team leader should have the ability to make decisions quickly based on the information at hand and stick to these decisions. And if the leader goes back on decisions, he can lose his integrity and credibility.
1. You're quite right. A team leader should also be 🎈`open-minded and easy-going`. If workers are afraid to approach their team leader, it can result in communication failure.
1. Yes. Besides all this, creativity and innovative spirit are also expected in a good team leader.
1. Yes, of course. A leader leads 🎈`based on his strengths`, not on his titles. 🌞And I should say the leadership style a team leader chooses will have direct impact on the workplace.
1. I think a `democratic leadership style` is very effective in mobilizing the team toward a common vision. The teammates will be happy to contribute fresh ideas and work together for the shared objectives.
1. Being a good team leader means that he can `never give up on the team`. A democratic style enables the leader to `communicate more effectively` with the team, and `increase work efficiency`.
1. Good leaders are always `willing to listen`. An overbearing leader can only lead to negative team emotions.
1. Yes. A good leader doesn't act like a bossy person who's in charge of everyone. He himself is a good team player.

# 1.2 Internal Communication
## Part One: Interview
### interlocutor's Question
1. What are the methods of communication to staff in most companies?
1. Do you think you are good at communicating with your boss?
1. Is it important to let your manager know your ideas about work?
1. What are the major benefits of corporate communication training?
### Suggested answers
1. The most popular communication methods include: `face-to-face communication, E-mails, telephone, notice-board`. Nowadays, `the Internet` is a very effective method of communication.
1. I'm afraid I'm `not really very good at communicating with people`. You see, I'm not a very out-going person, and I `feel so nervous` every time I talk to other people, particularly my boss. 
    - Yes. I think I'm quite good at communicating with people. Whenever I have some new ideas or resentment about my work, I'll talk to my boss face to face. I'm very frank and open-minded, ready to accept different opinions.
1. I think it's very important. You see, I often `make suggestions to my boss about internal development`, and `discuss areas I would like to improve on`. In this way, I'm `contributing to the overall improvement` of the company.
1. It give the employees `a genuine sense of corporate citizenship`, `enhances mutual understanding and trust`; and it `promotes a strong corporate culture and a coherent corporate identity`.

## Part Two: Mini-presentation
What's important when...?
Communicating management messages to the staff
- overall purpose
- feedback on performance

### Suggested answer
1. First of all, I think it's important to clearly `state your overall purpose and expectations`. In this way, employees know exactly what they should do to `meet work requirements` and to `achieve performance excellence`.
1. In addition to this, `providing feedback on their performance` is also important. On the managerial part, `performance reviews` help managers to `keep track of possible problems` in their own work. On the part of the employees, `they get encouraged for their hard work` and are given chances to `correct mistakes` made on the job.
1. Besides, managers should `be more open in sharing information` with their subordinates. They should `let employees know` in advance any proposed changes before they actually occur. This will `enhance mutual understanding and trust`.

