# Work Experience Programme

2020-01-11

---

The manufacturing compnay you work for has decided to offer a two-week work experience prgramme for a small group of students from a local business college.

You have been asked to help with the preparations for this programme.

Discuss the situation together, and decide:
- what kinds of work experience the company might offer
- how the participants should be seleted.

---

- Our company has decided to offer a two-week work experience programme. 

- I heared `the students were from a local business college and had no technical knowleage in manufacturing`. So I wonder whether they could fit it here.

- No worries, 🎈`we can provide work experience that dosen't require professional skills`.

- I have decided to 🎈`carry out the programme in the after sale department`. 

- Students should `take a two days training` before they work. And after sale department should `arrange several experienced staff to supervise their work`.

- The students are expected to `develop their skills in customer service`, and learn to `deal with customer's complaints`.

- The company can offer the working experience for 20 students. Could you give me some suggestions on selecting the ideal participants for the programme?

- In my opinion, 🎈`ideal participants should be junior students`. Because they `have time to take part in` this programme, and `have been trained formally` in business college for more than two years. What do you think?

- I agree with you. In addition, students should `have a good attendance record and academic performance in school`. Because they are `in a demanding work environment` which requires them to `follow strict discipline` and `work as a team`.