# 3.1 

## Part One: Interview
### Interlocutor's questions

1. What do you think is the basic objective underlying all promotion?
1. What do you think are the promotional alternatives?
1. Do you think advertising cost-effective?
1. Why do you think companies use sales promotion?

### Suggested answer
1. I think it's to provide information. Companies want to tell customers about themselves as well as what products are avaible, where they can be purchased, and for what prices.
1. They are advertising, personal selling, sales promotion, and publicity.
1. Yes, although advertising can be quite expensive, many companies still find it cost effective because it can reach vast numbers of people at a low cost per person.
1. Sales promotion can provide direct incentives[ɪnˈsɛntɪvz] to customers, motivate salespeople, and stimulate dealers to be interested and involved in distributing a product.

## Part Two: Mini-presentation

What is important when... ?
Promoting a product
- advertising
- sales promotion

When promoting a product, advertising is very important. It can reach millions of people at a low cost per person. By placing an ad[æd]  with a mass medium, such as television, radio, newspaper, and magazines, etc[etsetərə]. a company can aim at its target market and promote a product effectively.

In addition to advertising, sales promotion is also important. Companies can use coupons[ˈkuːpɒn], free samples, trading stamps [stæmp], loyalty schemes[ski:m], contests, point-of-sale display and trade show, etc[et'setərə]. to attract existing[ɪɡˈzɪstɪŋ] and potential customers and boost the sales of a product.

Apart from the two points, I think direct marketing is also important. Direct mail, telephone, and the Internet are nowadays used by companies to promote a product.


## Part Three: Collaborative Task and Discussion
### Advertising for Job Opening
Your company has just developed a new product of cosmetics[kɔz'metiks]. You are asked by your manager to help develop strategies to capture a large market share for the product. Discuss the situation together, and decide: 
- What should be the pricing strategy
- What should be the promotional strategy

### Suggested answer
Generally, the pricing strategy of women's cosmetics can be divided into two categories: penetration pricing oriented to the public, and reputation pricing for the high consumer groups. Which one should we choose?

we can use the same price, and reflect more weight on the capacity, so as to attract female consumers to transfer their purchase decisions.

1. We'd better 🌞`use penetration[ˌpenəˈtreɪʃn] pricing`. We must consider our competitors' prices, and charge our products lower than our competitors'.
1. In that case, how can we recover costs quickly? As you know, we have invested a lot in developing this product.
1. But the competition in cosmetics is very fierce. There have existed a lot of well-known brands of cosmetics. `If we sell our products at a lower price than our competitors, we can seize a large market share quickly`. Then, large sales volume can help our company reduce production costs and achieve higher profits.
1. It sounds reasonable. But `consumers usually relate quality to prices`. Will they think our product is of low quality.
1. We can `offer free samples for consumers to test our product`. I think we can convince our consumers that our product has good value for money.
1. All right, we'll use penetration pricing strategy. Apart from setting the price low, we must 🌞`launch an advertising campaign to capture a large market share`. I think we can advertise our product on television.
1. That's true, television advertising can reach large audiences. In addition, we can also advertise in fashion magazines, women are readers of such magazines.
1. We can also use sales promotions such as free samples, coupons, premiums, point-of-sale displays to boost sales volume.