# 2.2

## Part One: Interview
### Interlocutor's questions



### Suggested answer
1. A supervisor must be impartial[ɪmˈpɑːʃl]  in selecting employees for training. His training desisions must based on sound management practices without regard to factors such as race, color, national origin, disability or age.
1. Yes, training is important for me to handle new and more demanding assignments, maintain effective and satisfactory performance. and makes me highly productive.
1. Good preparation ensures more effective training. Preparing appropriate and effective content and materials is helpful, such as information about learners's relevant background, interests, prior[ˈpraɪə(r)] knowledge, handouts, materials and instructions for all activities and other necessary materials.
1. The employer should pay for the training, because employees are the greatest asset of modern organisation and paying for training is just a kind of investment.

## Part Two: Mini-presentation
What is important when... ?
Designing  an effective training plan
- training needs
- company budget

1. When designing  an effective training plan, training needs is important. You should take  time to carefully analyze your needs, figure out whether the designed training is absolutely required, or nice to have? This will help you identify your priority[praɪˈɒrəti]  and choose the right type of your requirements.

1. In addition to this, company budget is also important. You need to have agreement from the senior person in your company that training is a priority. This person will need to support the plan fully and agree to the budget. The amount of budget will determine what type of training you will use and how you will offer it.

1. Apart from the two points, employee commitment is also required. Talk to your staff about their needs and goals for training. This will ensure your employees respond positively to your investment in their development. They will then value and embrace opportunities to learn new skills, thus achieving your desired effects.

## Part Three: Collaborative Task and Discussion
### Advertising for Job Opening

Your company are discussing about a formal orientation program for new staff. You have been asked to make recommendations about the orientation program. Discuss the situation together, and decide: 

- Whether it's necessary to organise a formal orientation
- What should be covered in the orientation program


### Suggested answer
 1. our company are currently discussing about a formal orientation program for new staff. People's opinion are various. Some are enthusiastically for it, others are voilently against it, and still others stand between them. What's your opinion.

2. `To get new employees off to a good start, providing them formal orientation is necessary and important. Since formal orientation will get them familiar with the organization, their work units and their jobs.`

3. The more time and efforts we spent in helping new employees, the more likely they are to identify with our company and become valuable members of it.

4. `A well-planned orientation program is effective in helping to retain and motivate employees.`

5. `In addition to motivation, there are still many other benefits, like increasing productivity, improving morale and reducing anxiety [æŋˈzaɪəti] .`

6. It's really worthy to devote effort and time to the planning of the orientation.

7. It's necessary to consider topics to be coverd while planning.

8. 🌞`We should introduce our company's history, purpose and strategic goals. We can also make them known about the framework of tasks, specific job goals, appraisal criteria, job duties and responsibilities.`

9. Discussing responsibilities can give the new comers a clear idea of their future job and obligations, and can help them on the right track in no time.

10. `Besides topics, there are some methods cannot be ignored. Effective methods ensure effective orietation. For instance, it would be a good idea for the supervisors to arrange coworkers to welcome the newcomers and show them around the premises. It will give them a concrete impression of the whole company, give them familiar with the layout of the organization and a sense of being valued.`


- help the employees to achieve the organizational goals as well as their individual goals.
- help the employees in attaining personal growth.
- help in increasing the job knowledge and skills of employees at each level.
- help in increasing the productivity of the employees that helps the organization further to achieve its long-term goal.
- help in inculcating the sense of team work, team spirit.
- help to develop and improve the organizational health culture and effectiveness.
- help in improving upon the quality of work and work-life.
- help in creating the healthy working environment.
- help to build good employee, relationship so that individual goals aligns with organizational goal.
- help in creating a better corporate image.
- help in improving the morale of the work force.
- help in developing leadership skills, motivation, loyalty, better attitudes and other aspects that successful workers and managers usually display.


11. The training of foreign languages, such as English. The globalization of economy and the wide-spread international cooperation all need the bridge of a common used language. And English is one of the most widely-used languages.

12. A full-time training is preferable. Because it allows the employees a complete range of time to focus on learning. Without the interruption of work, they can concentrate on acquaring new knowledge and skills, thus ensuring an effective training.

13. Colleagues should be treated equal. Their knowledge and skills need to be imporved.

14. It's hard to predict. It depends on the development and reputation of the external agency, on people's attitudes towards trainning agency, on the finance of the componies.

15. Using external agency to train staff involves a great deal of investigation and can be risky. An inexperienced external agency will not only cost time but also waste money.