# 5.2 

## Part One: Interview
### Interlocutor's questions
1. Is it necessary to have a defined company image?
1. How important is the brand image in marketing campaign?
1. What factors should be considered when selecting a company logo design?
1. Do you think it important for a company to have a logo of its own?

### Suggested answer
1. Yes. In the eyes of the public, a clearly defined company image is the identity of the company. It reflects the quality of their product or service. So a good company image enhances public recognition and increased popularity will translate into great trading volume and profits.
- 在公众眼中，一个清晰界定的公司形象就是公司的身份。它反映了他们产品或服务的质量。因此，良好的公司形象会提高公众的认可度，而知名度的提高将转化为巨大的交易量和利润.
1. Brand image is an integrated part of marketing strategy. Although the success of a marketing campaign is determined by product quality, budget and some other to drive people to your business.
- 品牌形象是营销战略的重要组成部分。尽管营销活动的成功取决于产品质量、预算和其他一些推动人们进入你的企业的因素。
1. When selecting a logo design, the company's image and target audience should be put high on the priority list. The logo should reflect the cultural values the company upholds, and the attractive to the targeted potential customers. Of course, cost is another factor to be considered.
- 在选择标志设计时，应将公司形象和目标受众放在优先考虑的位置。商标应反映公司所坚持的文化价值观，以及对目标潜在客户的吸引力。当然，成本是另一个需要考虑的因素。
1. Yes. I think a logo represents a company and its products or services. If the logo is successful, it captures the personality of the company, sculpts and reinforces the company image. Besides, the logo is a most central marketing tool as it is used consistently and repeatedly.
- 对。我认为一个标志代表一个公司及其产品或服务。如果标志是成功的，它抓住了公司的个性，雕塑和加强了公司形象。此外，标志是一个最核心的营销工具，因为它是一贯和反复使用。



## Part Two: Mini-presentation
What's important when...?
Designing a company logo
- company image
- logo copyright

### Suggested answer
When designing a company logo, company image is an important factor to consider. Because the logo introduces and portrays the company before the public eyes. Company logo represents your company's identity, reflects the main point of your company, its values and helps in the successful development of the business.

In addition to this, logo copyright is also important. a corporate logo is legally regarded as being a work of artistic creation including all the design elements, not just the name on its own. Therefore, it is protected under copyright law. So when designing a company logo, you have to make sure that you do not infringe upon another company's logo collection.

Apart from the two points, you also need to consider cultural differences in designing the logo graphic, particularly if your company is a multi-national one. And of course, cost is another important factor to be considered.

- portrays [pɔːˈtreɪz] 描绘;   描画;   描写
- legally [ˈliːɡəli] 合法地;   在法律上; 


## 5.1 Part Three: Collaborative Task and Discussion
### Business PowerPoint Presentation Skills Training
The company you work for is now re-assessing its existing corporate culture to improve its performance. You have been asked to help co-ordinate the project. Discuss the situation together, and decide:
- what weaknesses can be identified in the company culture
- what effective solutions should be made to improve the core values.

### Suggested answer

1. All our decisions are guided by our corporate values. But the problem is that there are still a lot of weakness in our culturee.
1. Instead of leaving it to grow on its own, we should make efforts to reshape our culture, to nurture it into a strong one.
1. let's make a list of the noticeable weakness in our company culture.
1. `In terms of our staff behavior, most employees are not quite spontaneous in communicating their thoughts and ideas to each other, particularly to line managers.` This is a great barrier in promoting a culture which values innovation, creativity and trust among each other.
1. `most staff memebers feel that their good performance has not been duly recognized.` This is most unfavourable to our commitment to creating an environment that breeds loyalty and motivation.
1. `staff members do not have many chances to get promoted, since many of our line managers are recruited from outside the company.`
1. `our employees complain that they're not getting enough job-related skills development training.`

1. to energize our corporate culture, we have to provide some practical solutions to these problems.
1. `our first priority is to enhance job satisfaction in our employees. We need to provide more channels of communication among and between management and staff.`
1. `we can provide training programmes, outdoor events. so as to increase persional awareness of abilities and complementary skills in colleagues.`And in turn, they will enhance team spirit and open commucation.
1. we can also offer additional benefits to excellent preformers, like a paid holiday or retail vouchers.
1. we should also reconsider our promotion policy and make it an incentive  for our staff. A fair system of internal promotion should be set up to make each individual feel included and appreciated.

- nurture  [ˈnɜːtʃə(r)] 养育;养护;培养;扶持;帮助;支持;滋长;助长
- spontaneous [spɒnˈteɪniəs]  自发的;非筹划安排的;常心血来潮的;自然的;自身造成的
- energize [ˈenədʒaɪz] 使充满热情;给(某人)增添能量(或精力、活力、干劲);为…提供电力(或能量);使通电
- complementary  [ˌkɒmplɪˈmentri] 互补的;补充的;相互补足的










## 5.2 Part Three: Collaborative Task and Discussion
### Business PowerPoint Presentation Skills Training
Your company would like to design a new Company Celebration Programme to facilitate both internal and external communications. 
You have been asked to help draft the programme, Discuss tthe situation together, and decide: 
- what kinds of events should be celebrated
- how to celebrate these occasions

### Suggested answer
1. It's important to `make a detailed pla`n about what events to be celebrated.
1. successful corporate rituals and celebrations are important ways of corporate communications. They help to bond people together and connect people to shared values and vision. So a well designed corporate celebration programme will benefit a company greatly.
1. Yes. But as there is a wide variety of situations that we can celebrate, we have to focus on the most worthy ones. In my opinion, we can keep the cyclical celebrations, as they are more fixed, I mean, they come every year, like company anniversaries, Christmas, New Year's Day, etc. Celebrations of this kind help to relieve work pressure.
1. We can hold parties, costume balls, gettogethers at selected restaurants, etc. We can also invite our clients and customers over as these activities are really great occasioins for socialising and networking, I mean good chances for building relationships.
1. We can also hold ceremonies when our staff members or teams produce excellent performance. It's a way of showing our recognition and appreciation for their efforts. And in return, celebrations of this kind help to enhance job satisfaction and will further help to improve the quality and financial performance of our company.

1. On these occasions, we can choose to offer free trips, picnics or get-togethers, etc.
1. Besides that, I think we should create celebrations that include everyone. I mean, no one should be left out. So personal transitions should also be celebrated. They often affect how well people perform in work, although personal transitions are private in nature.
1. They also affect how smoothly organisations function in a way. So the management should respond well to personal events such as marriage, the birth of a child, or employee birthday etc. , and deal with these happy events effectively. They can organise parties, buffet or picnics.
1. 


