# 4.1 Business Travel

## Part One: Interview
### Interlocutor's questions
1. How did you travel here today?
1. If you could choose, which form of transport would you like to travel by?
1. Do you have to travel a lot on business? Do you like it?
1. How do you think you will travel to work in the future?

### Suggested answer
1. I came here by bike because it's my hobby and interest. Not only can relax the mood, but also have a physical exercise.
1. I'd choose travel by high speed railway. Because it's more convenient and comfortable. 
1. Not very often. but I like travel on business. Because I like to go to different places and experience different customs.
1. I think I will travel to work by subway. The underground transport network will be perfect in the future.



## Part Two: Mini-presentation
What's important when...?
Choosing transport for a business trip
- comfort
- cost

### Suggested answer
When choosing transport for a business trip, comfort is an important factor to consider. Comfort means being physically relaxed and contented, free from worries and unhappiness. With comfortable transport, you can stretch out, lie back and even get some sleep during the trip, so that you arrive well rested and ready for you work. This is vital for the success of your business.

In addition to this, cost-effectiveness is also important. You have to consider the cost, that may occur, when you choose transport for your business trip. It is advisable not to choose a transport, whose cost is beyond your budget, since expensive transport can inevitably increase the costs even before you do your business, which can even stop you from meeting your targets. You should never allow this kind of cost to ruin your whole business.

Apart from the two points, we should also consider the factor convenience. Convenient transport can help to make your trip easy, efficient and free from fatigue.

- contented[kənˈtentɪd](尤指因生活好而)满意的，惬意的，满足的
- stretch[stretʃ]
- vital[ˈvaɪtl]
- inevitably[ɪnˈevɪtəbli] 不可避免地;必然地;意料之中
- fatigue[fəˈtiːɡ]疲劳;劳累;厌倦;(金属或木材的)疲劳



## Part Three: Collaborative Task and Discussion
### Business PowerPoint Presentation Skills Training
Your company is considering providing a Green Travel Plan for its staff. 
You have been aksed to help with this.
Discuss the situation together, and decide:
- what are the advantages of such a plan
- which measures can be taken to carry out the plan

### Suggested answer
1.` this is one of our company's efforts to work towards reducing the environmental and congestion impact.`
1. we can set up a car share database and actively promote car sharing. These measures will reduce demand for parking spaces and reduce our company's car parking costs.
1. car sharers will no doubt save a lot on a yearly basis. And the environment will be cleaner.
1. `The plan is also good for staff health and the overall performance of the company. Employees who cycle to work lose fewer days because of illness, and arrive at work feeling more alert.`
1. Last but not the least, `the plan will enhance our company's image and make a positive contribution towards curbing noise and air pollution in the area.`

- congestion[kənˈdʒestʃən](交通)拥塞;塞车;充血;淤血


1. `before we decide which measures to implement, a survey should be carried out first. We have to know about modes of transport used by our staff, their travel origins and destinations and the difficulties to sustainable transport`.
1. `After that, based on the results of the survey, we may take some measures, such as setting up car share databases and priority parking spaces for car share vehicles to encourage car pools`.
1. For those who have to use cars, we can encourage them to move to cleaner and less polluting fuel by offering subsidies.
1. `We may also offer flexible working schemes such as teleworking to enable some staff to work from home one or more days of the week`.
1. And compressed working week so that they can work fewer days in the office.
1. I believe all this will work and be rewarding. Let's try them out.

- implement[ˈɪmplɪmənt] 使生效;贯彻;执行;实施
- sustainable [səˈsteɪnəbl](对自然资源和能源的利用)合理利用的;可持续的
- vehicles [ˈviːɪklz]交通工具;车辆;(赖以表达思想、感情或达到目的的)手段，工具
- schemes [skiːmz]计划;方案;体系;体制;阴谋;诡计;计谋