# 6.1

## Part One: Interview
### Interlocutor's questions
1. Why do companies relocate to another country?
1. How does a good location add value for customers?
1. Do you think the location of competitiors will affect the location of a company?
1. Do you think taxes affect the selection of a company's location?

### Suggested answer
1. They may want to `get closer to the market`. or they want to `reduce labor costs`.
1. It enables a company to provide `convenient, dependable service` to its customers. Locating in areas / where there are sufficient skilled or trained workers with a good work ethic [ˈeθɪk] can lead to higher-quality performance.
1. Yes, competition is also an important factor in site selection. Some companies consider it neccessary to be located near competition, others wish to avoid competitors.
1. Yes, because taxes[ˈtæksɪz]  may be sizable for a company with a multimillion-dollar investment in facilities and inventory, so it may select a location where tax reductions are allowed to new business.



## Part Two: Mini-presentation
What's important when...?
Selecting a company location
- demand for products or services
- transportation

### Suggested answer
When selecting a company location, demand for products or services is an important factor to consider. Demand forecasts help determine where goods or services are most likely to be sold. A weighted center of demand exists for each product or product family, so a company should select a location which supplies this demand.

In addition to this, transportation is also important. A manufacturing company will tend to have a `materials-oriented` location, if it has a single source of raw material, and ships its products to many destinations. When `rapid delivery` is a condition of sales, companies are more likely to select market-oriented locations, that is locate near consumers.

Apart from the two points, I think it's important / to consider labor costs. Companies that employ a large labor force / may locate / to places with lower wage rate. Productivity per hour / may further affect the costs / of providing services or producing goods.

## 5.1 Part Three: Collaborative Task and Discussion
### Site Selection
The law firm you work for decides to relocate to a new place. You have been asked to choose a good location.Discuss the situation together, and decide:
- what factors should be considered
- what are the advantages of a good location for the law firm


1. high demand for services
1. transportation is convenient
1. leasing rents
1. expansion potential
1. competition

1. attract customers
1. boost our business
1. increase profits
1. provide high value
1. avoid competition
1. save costs
1. expansion

### Suggested answer
1. Since we provide law services, our firm should be located in `a well-established and fast-growing business area`, because in such an area, there are many business which will need law services.
1. We must locate in a place where there is `high level of demand for services`. And `the public transportation is very convenient` in such an area. Customers will find it easy to get to us.
1. The `leasing rents` vary from place to place. We of course should select a site which we can afford.
1. we should also consider competition. it may severely affect a company's revenue. we shouldn't locate in a place where there are already a lot of law firms. 
1. We should consider `expansion potential`. Our firm may employ many lawyers one day when it expands, so we should leave some room for expansion.


1. A good location is likely to `attract customers`. If our firm is located in a good location, the number of customers will surely go up.
1. being located in a place with high demand will `boost our business`, thus `increasing the company's profits`.
1. A good location with `easy access to public transport` enables our law firm to `provide high value` for customers.
1. we can `avoid competition` if located in a place with few law firms. Otherwise, our law firm may loose some or even much of our business.
1. our law firm can `save costs` if it is located in a place with low leasing rents. Lower leasing rents also make it possible for our law firm to have more office space, which will offer more flexibility and room for the expansion of our law firm.

