# 7.2 

## Part One: Interview
### Interlocutor's questions
1. Do you often go on-line?
1. Do you think there is any disadvantage about E-mail?
1. Do you think web presence important for a company?
1. What is the most obvious change the growth of the Internet brings to companies?

### Suggested answer
1. Yes, I often go on-line. I use the Internet to get Information. With the help of search engines, I can get the information I want within minutes / that previously would have involved time-consuming research and sometimes even travel.

1. Yes, E-mail is simple and improves the lives of all of us, but it is extremely weak at conveying and developing understanding.

1. Sure. Web presence is an indication of a company's technical strength / and a good sense of keeping with the times. 

1. The most obvious is the use of websites for information, marketing and trade.

- engines[ˈɛndʒɪnz] 
- [ˌɪndɪˈkeɪʃn] 

## Part Two: Mini-presentation
What's important when...?
Setting up a company website
- possible benefits
- promotion

### Suggested answer
When Setting up a company website, possible benefits is an important factor to consider. Since a clear idea of this can make the website work efficiently. Among many benefits, a website can be an important way to compete for customers, including potential customers from overseas, to become more involved and proactive in gaining web competitive edge. Also it can assist a company's current customer base in helping to answer product or service questions.

In addition to this,promotion is also important. Once a website is set up, you have to ensure that your customers and prospects will know about your website. You can promote your site address online through E-mail marketing, online press release, etc. Old-fashioned offline marketing methods also apply. Make sure you URL appears on all your marketing and other print, such as advertisements, press releases, and leaflets.

Apart from the two points, you also need to consider designing. It should be done in line with the company's mission or vision and put its best image on the web.


## 7.1 Part Three: Collaborative Task and Discussion
### Using the Internet to look for a foreign dealer
You are with a small export company in arts and crafts and your manager is looking for a local dealer in Britain. You have been asked to help suggestions about how to do this by using the Internet. Discuss together, and decide:
- whether professionalism and appeal of your company website important
- how to make your company known to potential dealers by using the Internet

### Suggested answer
1. Our company website is almost the only place prospective local dealers determine whether they want to do business with us.
1. There should be `a clear and detailed profile` of our company, like who we are, what we're dealing in, our handling capacity, ways of settlement, inspection certificate of goods, etc. , and of course, the contact information.
1. It should be designed / `to provide / a standardized look and feel`. And we are not to forget / to provide information / about our business license and bank of account / as well as our tax registration certificate / to show them / that we're professional, strong and trustworthy.
1. professionalism is also reflected in our `description / of the sort of the local dealer` / we're looking for. For instance, necessary experience / in dealing in arts and crafts, financial strength, sales outlets, business license, address and the bank credential letter, etc.
1. in addition to prefessionalism, we should see to it that the website looks appealing / so as to attract potential dealers. We can select some of our best stuff / to display on our website / to show the wide range, nice appearance and excellent quality of our goods.

- license [ˈlaɪsns]
- professionalism [prəˈfeʃənəlɪzəm]
- credential  [krəˈdenʃl] 提供证明书(或证件); 
- specialized[ˈspeʃəlaɪzd]

1. find a specialized promotion platform on the Internet. 
1. we should register on a portal website / providing platform for goods selling. It is the right place we can expect to find a desirable dealer.
1. Portal website / providing expert and B2B services like Alibaba / can be a very good choice. We can register and wait for serious replies.
1. with those, we can select carefully among them / and decide which one to have further contacts.

- portal[ˈpɔːtl]
- desirable [dɪˈzaɪərəbl]


