# 8.1

## Part One: Interview
### Interlocutor's questions
1. How important is it for a company to have regular meetings?
1. What do you think makes a conference interesting?
1. Could some meetings be replaced by other forms of communication?
1. Do you think there will be any need for meetings in the future?

### Suggested answer
1. Very important. It is an effective way to collect ideas, let know and ask for suggestions for solutions to problems. Besides It provides opportunities for employees to express their opinions and gives them a sense of participation.

1. Up-to-date technologies can make a conference interesting, such as powerPoint to give illustrations.

1. Yes. For instance, meetings for brainstorming, data gathering and sharing, planning for specific events and projects, etc. could be done by memos, letters, conference calls and Email. These forms can sometimes be more effective.

1. Yes. Even in the future, people still desire to meet face to face in order to discuss, gather information and do business.

## Part Two: Mini-presentation
What's important when...?
Planning a meeting
- agenda
- size

### Suggested answer
When planning a meeting, creating an agenda is an important factor to consider.  Doing so helps participants know what they should be talking about and keeps the conversation focused. All items to be discussed at the meeting should be listed on the agenda and the purpose of each item should be clearly indicated. Make sure copies of the agenda are avaible before the meeting.

In addition to this, the size of a meeting is also important which depends on its purpose. A meeting for passing on information to employees can be fairly large, for few questions and comments are expected from the audience. if it's a meeting where different ideas are contributed and a decision is to be reached, its size should be controlled to save time.

Apart from the two points, you also need to consider the suitable venue. It should be a place convenient to all participants so that everyone can arrive on time.


## 8.1 Part Three: Collaborative Task and Discussion
### Organising Sales Conferences
The expert sector of your company is expandingly, and plans are being discussed for organising annual conferences for overseas agents. You have been asked to make recommadation for the proposal. Discuss, and decide together:
- what would be the benefits of annual conference for participants
- what could be the content of the conferences.

### Suggested answer
1. communicate with other participants
1. build the confident for the company

1. introduce the profit and size of the company
1. various activities


1. With more and more agent working for us around the world, how to `keep them on track` is a problem. It is a good idea to hold annual conferences for them.
1. those conferences can work as an information relay station for the purpose of `spreading information to keep participants well informed` about what's going on in the company and in the industry.
1. the conferences `offer a platform` for them to share valuable experience, exchange views, discuss work and solve problems.
1. informal meeting between participants is made possible which can `lead to closer contact`. it is the most useful forms for interpersonal communication.

1. there should be a review of what is done in the past year to give the participants an overall picture of overall picture of overseas sales, including achievement and whatever that needs improvement.