# 3.2



1. I will consider whether I need this product, how many times and how long I will use it. If the answer is yes and I use it frequently, I will buy it as expensive as possible.

2. Yes, competition can be considered, but it is not necessary. What should be considered more is the price positioning of the target customers.

3. Yes, it is. But the price discounting is only a transitional measure and cannot be used for a long time. The most important is the market demand and the product itself。

4. Although product development costs a lot of money at present, it brings hope to the future. It can help companies produce better products.




## TWO 
1. price should cover fixed costs and variable costs and marketing costs

2. customer demand affects the price. 

3. competition





## THREE


Health knowledge booklet







## ONE
1. I think the basic objective underlying all promition is to sell more goods and get more profits.
2. I think advertisement and merchandise discount are the most promitional alternatives.
3. No I don't think advertising cost-effective. Because to get more people know, it surely cost much money. Usually, the more money you spend, the better the advertising effect.
4. The reason I think companies use sales promotion is to get more profits, higher market share.

## TWO
When promoting a product, the advertising is important to consider. Advertising can convey product information to customers. Let customers know the efficacy, price and purchase channel of the product. 





