# 1.3 one two three

## ONE 

1. 
cost control.
prepare budgets and give a prognosis. [prɒɡˈnəʊsɪs]
whether to undertake or abandon.

2. 
enhance satisfaction and loyalty.
improve company image and boost sales.
large scale production will be cost effective.

3. 
technologies keep changing.
regular training.
working skills.

4. 
more cost-efficient.
Cost management will be implemented in all aspects of production and sales.
its main measures include  building a dynamic monitoring system,self-construction and realizing financial transparency and so on.




## TWO 

aiming to control cost in corporate hospitality.

1. `event planning` is an important factor to consider.

plan ahead of the event.
have enough time to work on details, and to find the facilities needed for the activity. Pre booking can also reduce venue costs
good planning is the key to every successful event.

2. In addition to this, `food costs` is also important.

keep the cost at the minimum. [ˈmɪnɪməm]
work out food costs carefully.
short-list recipes.[ˈrɛsɪpiz]
make menus for advance.
prepare the cost report and finalising price.
avoid a lavish menu by taking expensive food off the menu and narrow down to something basic and healthy. [ˈlævɪʃ]


3. Apart from the two points, we also need to consider reducing wastage. 

control food portions and portion sizes. [ˈpɔːʃn]
eliminate waste.



## THREE

1. how to arrange the work schedule

divide our twenty-four hour operation into three shifts: day shift, evening shift and night shift.
get used to work at night and fight off the night-time fatigue.
adopt the rotating schedule.
disrupts the body rhythm and is very stressful. affect health conditions
affect home life, out of step with his family.
day-shift is from 8:00a.m to 5:00p.m with a lunch-break. evening shift, 5:00p.m. to 1:00 a.m. including coffee breaks, night shift from 1:00a.m. to 8:00a.m. also with a coffee break.


2. how to match staff to this new work requirement

provide training programmers .
help them to ajust to the work requirement.
inform them of the harmful effects of the night shifts
give them tips on how to prevent and fight off these hazards.
arrange health specialists to give them training courses.
provide online consultancy service.
provide psychological consultancy.
help them to cope with night shift blues.
provide some nutritious food.
provide workers with health facilities to encourage them to do more physical exercises.