# 2.4 ONE TWO 2.3 THREE


## 2.4 ONE

1. Would you promote a competent but self-centered candidate to the position of a sales manager?

- No, I wouldn't. Because I think it is important for a sales manager to be modest in his behavoir. This means he will be a good listener and accept the feedback from his staffs.

2. It is neccessary to have a succession plan for a big company?

- Yes, I think it is neccessary. A succession plan can help the company to manage better. It will motivate the staffs and improve their performance. Besides, staffs are ready for new leadership roles as the need arises.

3. Do you wish to be promoted? Will you accept a promotion?

- Of course, My answer is yes. Because I want to earn a higher salary and I also want to achieve my ambition.

4. What is the most important factor when you accept a promotion?
- It depend on whether or not my ability is qualified for the work. Because I am a responsible person. I want to be professional.

## 2.4 TWO
What's important when... ?
Thinking about going for a promotion
- work-related qualities
- personal qualities

1. 
qualifications, training, skills and abilities.
prepare us the necessary knowledge and theory for any job.
professional .. gurantee work performance.
managerial .. contribute to effective team performance.


2. 
loyalty to the company, responsibility and so on.
establish your credibility and integrity among colleagues.
be and present yourself 
as a contributor to the company,
as a person of high personal standing with a capacity for leadership.

3. know and accept strengths and weaknesses 
promote your strengths and make up for the weaknesses with a goal.
showing the sustained pattern of achievements 
giving a sense of how you will continue to achieve and develop in the future


## 2.3 THREE

The human resources department your work for is going to organize a lecture on how to prepare a career development plan for its staff.
You have been asked to make recommendations about the situation.
Discuss the situation together, and decide: 
- The necessity of the lecture on career development plan.
- What should be covered in the lecture.


1. to discuss whether it's neccessary or not.
the training is to the mutual interest of both the individual and the company.
growth depends on the development of its staff.
A clear and reasonable plan motivates staff, bring high morality and healthy growth.
That's what our company can expect after the lecture.

2. to achieve desired effects, the contents of the lecture is also crucial. What do you think should be covered?
what career development is
importance of personal career planning.
tips for preparing a career development plan.
an up-to-date copy of CV(curriculum vitae). [kəˈrɪkjələm]
review your career path so far, add new skills, projects and achievements as you go along.
be honest with yourself about goals, likes and dislikes, strengths and weaknesses.
be proactive about updating and reviewing career development plan.