# 5.4 ONE TWO 5.4 THREE

1. what sports events do you think companies should be involved in sponsoring?

big sports events, like the Olympic games or national sports games.
great attractions to people all over the world or the country.
be wide coverage by the mass media.
exposure opportunities for the products.

2. Do you think that sponsorship is the most effective form of advertising?

adevertisement is too direct and offensive and is regarded as an insidious from of brainwashing. so people tend to avoid or even resist them. 
cleverer way of advertising. People will pay attention to the advertisement when they are watching the wonderful events, thus the advertisement has achieved good results.

3. Besides sports events, what other kinds of activities or programmes do you think companies can sponsor?

fultural events: music festivals, arts projects or broadcasting programmes. 
promote a very unique image in the eyes of the public.

education. taking on an important responsibility towards society.
promote a very positive image and reinforce the company's position as a good corporate citizen.

4. Do you think that in the future companies will make more use of sponsorship as a marketing strategy?

Yes, I think advertisers are going to relyy more and more on techniques such as sponsorship in the years to come. Sponsorship can not only help to advertise products, but also create a unique bond between the company and the public. It's a more effective way of consolidating the existing clientele base and increasing new customer potential.