# 7.3 ONE TWO THREE

## ONE 
1. advantage for a companny to advertise on line
    - enhance company image
    - attract customers 
    - take more market share
2. key to success for online advertising 
    - get aimed customer
    - launch on multiple platforms 
    - the customer some knowadgement from advertising
3. type of audience for Internet marketing
    - young people who surf the internet frequently.
4. online marketing can replace traditional marketing
    - No
    - There are still many people who don't have the habit of surfing the Internet
    - Attract only a few customers
    - limited




## TWO 
choosing an Internet compnay to buy from 
1. delivery time
    - Can't receive goods immediately after purchase
    - It often takes several days for express delivery.
    - If the time is too long, customers may lose their willingness to purchase
    - convenient and speedy
2. special offers
    - attract customers by offer special discounts and small gifts
    - cost-effective
    - Save a lot of money

3. after sale
    - providing customers with high quality after sales service .
    - For large items, It's best to have after-sales outlets near the home.
    - sthe company with spreading after-sale service network  will attract more customers.

## THREE
1. how to make the promotion appeal to potential customers and be truly influential
    - young people that are frequent visitors of the Internet.
    - use methods of online promotion, such as pop-ups, banners and animations, to name a few. They can be impressive when well used.
    - the promotion need to be relevant, entertaining and not be overused. Otherwise they will annoy the users.
    - blend promotional and non-promotional information to deliver and advertising messages.
    - we can show the process of making quality product, and highlight our selling point.
    - product and promotion is subtly mixed, and visitors hardly know an advertising message is delivered. 
    - impressive and inflential.

2. how to increase hits from customers
    - encourage visits to our site, update information frequently and provide many opportunities for interaction.
    - organise some online games and activities like coupons and rebates to offer prizes to those who take part in.