# 1.5 ONE TWO THREE

## ONE

1. Do you ever feel overworked?
Yes. Although I enjoy my work , sometimes I  really feel tired. As a IT developer, I often need to work overtime to catch up with the project progress. I hope I could spend more time learning, thinking and for self improvement.

Most Internet companies advocate overtime culture

1. What problems do staff usually have when they are under the burden of a heavy workload?
feel frustrated. 
result in stress related illnesses, such as high blood pressure and fatigue.
be in low morale and give poor performance in work

1. Do you think companies should provide sports facilities for their staff?
to keep fit
generate team sporit
create a sense of common goals 
have better performance in their work


1. What types of sport do you  like watching or playing.
My favourite sport is swimming. 
a good opportunity to relax。
Build the muscles.
Keeps the heart healthy



## TWO

Coping with a heavy workload

1. benefits system
provide exercise facilities.
Provide delicious food
create better working environment and conditions, Ergonomic chair
flexible benefits programmes like childcare for aging parents to help them to  balance work and life.

1. time management
provide training programs to help staff better manage their time.
organised and feel more at ease with routine work

1. metal health
provide psychological consultancy advice
better adjust themselves to their work pressure

## THREE
1. what signs of overwork do the staff show

consistently working late
working through lunch
coming to work even when ill
bringing work home
rushing to meet every tight deadlines 



1. what measures should be taken to reduce stress at work


provide some flexible benefits to balance their life and work
critical illness insurance

provide some sports facilities 
organiise sports activities
enhance health

create a pleasant working environment 
ensure worker comfor 
provide coffee rooms
relax themselves during the break

take up a hobby

boost morale
