1.8 ONE TWO 1.7 THREE

# ONE 
1. their decisions can affect society, and they have responsibility to customers and employees.

2. set guidelines for business activities
keep in mind and apply it to peformance

3. integrity will surely create weath. if you  act with integrity in business, you can enjoy reputation and a good public image. without integrity, a company cannot possibly gain the trust of customers and public. it will certainly fail to survice in highly competitive age.

4. fraud, tax-avoidance cheating, lying and corrupt practices, insider trading. these things erode the principle of integrity that lies at the heart of our business organisations.



corporate social responsibility
be concerned with the well-being of the society.
are responsible for enviromental protection
upholding the princinple of integrity.

# TWO

Measuring corporate performance
- workplace ethics

evaluate it in terms of workplace ethics.

code of ethics is the core of compay culture
and is an important tool for companies striving for longterm prospects and growth.

workplace ethics inspire communicatiion between employees,
and promote customer relationships that are based on honesty and intergrity.

- social responsibility

business activities can have social impacts
companies havee the social responsibility tto protect the environment. 

minimise wast in their operations and efficient management of resources.

- examine if the company has conducted their business with integrity and in compliance with laws and requirements.
