# 2.5 one two three

## ONE
1. contribute to the work efficiency of employees
- comfortable working envinroment
- working skills
- effective training
- promising career
- constant communication between the employer and the employee
- flexible work hours

2. why turn away from fixed forms of compensation in favor of variable pay?
- is based entirely on a pay-for-performance philosophy.
- has motivating value.
- encourage employee to devote themselves to the organisational development
- help recruit and retain competent employees.


3. what's your opinion of motivating salespeople by salary based on a percentage of sales
- good idea
- push salespersons by a straight commission plan
- commission provides maximum incentive
- it's easy to compute and understand

4. What are the advantages and disadvantages of motivating producing workers by piecework?
- the most obvious[ˈɒbviəs] advantage is the increase of production.
- Under straight piecework, employees tend to work harder and quicker for larger amount of products 

- the shortcoming is that piecework incentive system will lead employees to pay more attention to quantity instead of quality of goods. 
- quality cannot be guaranteed.

## TWO
What's important when...?
Motivating senior executives

### the offer of stock options
- belong to the long-term incentive.
- with stock ownership, senior executives will have a significant stake in the success of the business.
- their fortune will rise and fall with the value they create for shareholders
- linking their efforts to the long-term stock performance 
- and motivating them to develop and use their abilities and contribute their energies.

### perquisites/special benefits
- includes company car, mobile phone, first-class air travel, company-paid parking, etc.
- can be used as a means of demostrating the executives's importance to the organisation.
- perk serve as a status symbol and provide a tax saving to the executives.

## family care、base salay、Education funding



## THREE

### How to motiveta all staff in the company to achieve a high level of efficiency
1. we can introduce ways that have been proved to be effective, such as bonus, promotion, paid holiday, training, flexible work hour and comfortable woking place.
1. offer a yearly training, keeping them well-in-formed of the latest developments in our field.
1. include constant communication
1. compliments and respect from the supervisor
1. public recognition brings honor and a sense of satisfaction.

### What practival steps could be taken to improve efficiency.
1. do a survey among tthe employees to see their likes and dislikes towards management.
1. get the staff involved and asked for their comments and suggestions when making a new strategy.
1. different motivating measures towards different levels of staff.
1. 

