#  2.9 ONE TWO THREE

## ONE

1. Would you mind your supervisor troubling you with company business after work hours?
   
fine, I don't mind. There must be something urgent for me to deal with. It's also a part of my job to handle this critical matters.
Of course, if i don't have time, i will ask someone else to help me.

2. Do you think that employers should monitor the conduct of employees through surveillance techniques during work hours?
   
definitely no. Because i think the behavior of monitoring conduct is an `invasion of employees' privacy`. And it also make the staff feeling disgusted. I don't think employees work more efficiently when there are eyes on them. Employers should turn to other effective management to motivate employees.

1. What do you think put strain on the relationship between supervisors and employees?

Reasons behind the conflicts are complicated. However, no matter what the specific reasons are, the core of the whys is `lack of communication and different perspectives`.

4. Is it important for managers to honor employees right?
   
Yes. the failure of mannagers to honor employees rights can result in conflicts, thus damaging the organization's reputation, and hurting employee morale, slowing down the organization's development.


## TWO 
What's important when...?
Offering suggestions, opinions, and criticism regarding management
- proper time 
- one to one discussion
  

to have an effective communication, it's important to consider `when, how, and whom` to voice your mind. 

First of all, a proper time is half-done.
scheduling an appointment can avoid interruption and rush.

Besides, never in the presence of others, you should find a comfortable environment for one-on-one conversation， since a private discussion is more acceptable.

last but not the least. it's crucial for you to find the one in the management team who tends to open his mind to new ideas, differing opinions, otherwise advice and criticism can be a disaster.




## THREE

- what makes a good manager.
- how to avoid manager-employee conflict.


shouldn't be authoritarian. [ɔːˌθɒrɪˈteəriən]
a good communicator 




1. mannagers should pay attention to employees and their bahavior, help maintain a positive relationship, and address a problem before it becomes a problem.
2. let employee participate in policy-making. the more employees feel that managers are interested in what they do and in their thoughts, the more they will feel respected.