- Why staff may not be using computers?
- How to encourage staff to use computers more?

1. There are many reasons why staff use computers, such as `back of computer knowledge and skills`.

2. Some people `are used to traditional ways of doing things`. They don't want to learn anything new.

3. Some may just be too lazy to try out computers

4. Some people `have the unnecessary fear` there might be harmful radiation to human bodies.

5. We need to do something to encourage staff to use computers more. First of all, we should `popularize the common knowleadges` that computers are not dangerous to health. Secondly, we should `arrange a training program` to help them `learn about the usages computers`.

5. They don't have to worry about harmful radiation. These are all ergonomically `designed computers with LCD displays`. They are `much safer and better than the traditional CRT and low in radiation`, with no flickering and low reflection.

6. The more uasges the staff know about the computers, The better their life and work benefit. For example, E-mails and other connections, so they can understand the value of the computer.

7. We should also show them how computers can `be used for all kinds of tasks`, such as word processing, databases, spread-sheet, graphics, communications and so on.  And those would `relieve their workload`.

8. The company should `supply some technical people` who will be available to give ongoing technical support to assist them in their use of computers.

9. About the management, the line managers can `do a daily memo on E-mail` that staff must read if they are to receive information. This `reduces paper use and meetings`.

10. And `all the documents and notices are circulated through the intranet`.

11. we can also `improve the situation by making it a rule` that the paperwork should be typed and printed out.

13. with all this, I am sure we can get our staff hooked on computers immediately.