18.staff Magazine
- what type of information to include in the magazine
- which type of staff should contribute to magazine

Corporate culture construction

1. I think the staff magazine should contains `culture of corporate`, `news in the company`and `the achievements of staff`.

2. A monthly publication of news , analysis, opinions, interviews, competitions and feedback should be better, which can cover a wide range of topics, of interests to staff.

3. `The magazine is an easy and convenient way of keeping up-to-speed with everything` thats going on in the company. In addition,`staff magazine is designed to create a corporate culture that can connect all people in`. If the corporate culture has a correct development context and specific development plans, then the construction of magazine will have its own principles and basis.

4. Ok, maybe you are right. Staff magazine should involve everyone and everything in the company. A rich, prompt and diverse coverage satisfies all needs and expectations. 🌞`By the way, which type of staff should contribute to magazine? `

5. since every issue is designed to give staff a better understanding of our business, to share knowledge and experiences, to provide interest and entertainment and to show readers why the company is a good place to work, `the magazine should be oriented to all the staff members`. 

6. you can target the staff magazine to different groups, for individual department may want their version of the magazine. Moreover, `staff should be encouraged to become involved in producing the magazine` and building a sense of community and engagement.