What are the ways to save office expense? And how to motivate staff?

1. In order to keep office expenses down, we can begin with office stationery. Items like pens, paper and pencils do not cost a lot individually, but we use them in large quantities, so there is potential for large savings.

2. There is a great difference in price between the name-brand and generic brand stationery, so if we search for cheaper sources, we'll end up saving thousands of yuans a year.

3. we can get much lower prices on office supplies through group purchasing. we can buy in larger quantity and receive lower bulk prices.

4. we can also use Electronic Business for the best prices. it is more convenient and cheaper. it saves both money and time. Everything from paper and pens to computers and desks can be found at more competitive prices than those at office supply stores.

5. we should also encourage staff to recycle used paper, and ask them to edit on the screen as much as possible.

6. buying used office furniture is also an important way to cut overheads.

7. we should never use disposables in the office, and use recycled printer cartridges.

8. we should involve all office staff into our cost saving plan. For example, we should ask staff members to turn off the air-conditioner half an hour before they leave the office, so as to cut some electricity bills.

9. In order to make sure our staff voluntarily comply with the overheads expenditure reduction rules, we can include that in our staff appraisals. we can also award those who are most supportive in our project.

10. to cut electricity bills and help conserve energy, purchase equipment that has earned the Energy Star rating.


<br>

What new ideas do you have to keep overheads down in a company?
- Companies can make use of the Internet, conducting routine office work though digital media. We can convert every single paper process into a digital one. It lowers overheads very effectively.

How important is it for companies to keep overheads down?
- Keeping the overheads down is a priority for all organization, because overheads costs are directly related to the company's profitability and welfare of the staff members.

Is it a good idea to cut investment to reduce overheads?
- No, it is not a good idea to cut investment to reduce overheads. Cutting investment to reduce costs is just a short-term measure. In the long run, it is unfavorable to company development, because limited scale and productivity weakens a company's competitive edge.
- Well, I think it all depends. If you business diversifies too much, you might as well as cut some of your investment and just focus on some areas. In that way, you will be able to reduce overheads.

What do you think the manager should do in overheads cutting project?
- I think the manager is responsible for budgeting overheads and carefully tracking the costs, minimizing expenditure at all time. He should also see to it that staff members abide by the rules as required.



down sizing
