- What factors the company should consider for high sales volumes?
- how the company can recuit employees?

1. There are many factors to consider fo high sales volumes. The first factor we should to consider the is `location`. The supermarket should be located in downtown area.

2. If so, the cost of renting the place would be high, and the packing space would be limited. So I think it can `be located in the uptown area`. Then our supermarket may take large space, and the transport now is very convenient.

1. I still confirm that the city center is the best place. Because it has the shortest distance to touch people. And We can `offer take-out service`, which required Timeliness and Accessibility.

3. I think we can `use warm and bright colours` to create a warm atmosphere.

4. We can also play some `soft background music` so that shoppers will enjoy their shopping. What's more, we must `keep the supermarket clean`. `Goods should be displayed` in a way for comsumers to find easily. the price of the goods 

5. `The aisles should wide enough` for shopping trolley to pass, and `employees` should be dressed in well-designed uniform. 

6. We must make the atmosphere appealing, then shoppers would like to shop in our supermarket.

7. And we can `offer take-out service`. So customers can order goods from their mobilephones, it would be very convenient and will save a lot of time. 

7. To improve the `quality of our service`, the staff is the important factors. So it neccessray to consider how to recuit the right people. The staff must be friendly and deal good with customer complaints.

8. What do you think we can do to recuit staff?

9. I think we can advertise job on the internet where people often go online to search for recruitement news.

10. We may also ask recruitement company to do the recrutement job for us. Although it may cost some money. it's really convenient for us. You know, interviewing and selecting staff is difficult and time-costing. What's more, our manager may lack the skills of finding the right people.