- How the total number of business trips might be reduced?
- How the costs of some trips might be reduced?

1. I think that's because we `spent too much on travel` when we could have spent less. Do you have any ideas?

2. the best way to cut the costs is `not to take some trips`. Some of the travels are not necessary at all.

like what?

3. For Example, we can `not take part in unnecessary conferences` and `avoid unnecessary travels` by using IT systems such as videoconferencing and E-mails `as substitutions for some expensive travels`.

4. Some of the face-to-face talks may simply be replaced by a conference call and `some travels can be arranged at a later date` in conjunction with anther trip.

5. If some trips we have to make, there are also some ways to reduce the costs, such as `looking for better-value hotels` as well as `cheaper flights`. And `early-planned trips` is also importannt, it enables the travelers 
to book the flights early since it will be `much cheaper to plan flight ahead of time`.

6. Saving should begin with the very first step, thit is, choosing the right transport. We should always `consider first the cheapest ways` of getting around, that is, `train and bus`, and plan ahead to pay less from the air fare when we have tarvel by plane.

7. Generally speaking, the cheaper the air fare, the less flexible it is. The cheapest fares do not allow you to make any changes to your booking. So we can save money by planning ahead and using a less flexible ticket.

8. `Accommodation is also a major travel expense`. The company should encourge its staff to stay `in nice hotels instead of expensive ones` and we can `cooperation with fixed hotels` which can `offer a large discount`.

9. When it comes to `local transport`, employees should be advised not to choosee convenience over cost-effectiveness. For instance, a taxi is much less expensive than a chauffeured car.

10. To make this effective, we can `offer some incentive reward` to those who save costs in their travel. For examplee, if the destination is an attractive one, we can allow our employees to stay one more night at leisure when it is weekeend.

11. By doing so, I believe we will have a significant reduction of travel costs.