1. describe your home 
2. describe your occupation
3. your family
4. the major
5. your hobbies

Ningbo is my howntown. 
🎈describe your home. `I'm from Ningbo. it's located in southeast of china. it belongs to Zhejiang Province. It's a large and beantiful city. I lived there for 20 years. there are beautiful moutains, kind people, and delicious food.`

🎈describe your occupation. `My profession is programmer. I work in a medium sized Internet company as software engineer. I am responsible for system design and actual coding. I work closely with my team members in identifying and resolving problems.`


🎈your family. `There are three people in my family. my father, my mother and me. My father has short black hair and small eyes. He works at a factory. My mother has long black hair. She likes sports. so I often go on sports with my mother. On holidays my family often go to travel. That is my family. We love each other devotedly.`


🎈your hobbies. ` I have many hobbies. such as reading books and doing fitness. Reading can develop my intelligence and enrich my knowledge base. doing fitness can increase muscle strength and size，improve the lean body mass and basal metabolic rate.`

# What is import when... ?
Organizing a conference
- Conference speakers
- Facilities at conference centre
- Minutes of the conference
- Food

To organize a conference well, many things should be considered.
🎈Firstly, communicate with the `speakers` before coference, to get to know the basic outline of their speeches, and to talk about the time they are going to use. speakers should leave enough time to summarize.
🎈Next, get all the `facilities` and check whether they are working properly.  For a confeerencee requiring simultaneous interpretation, the booths and equipment shall be installed and checked before the conference. The microphones for the speakers should work well.
🎈`Minutes of the conference` should be made, which is convenient for future supplement. Ask someone to take conference minutes. Before the conference starts its work, the minutes of the last conference should be distributed to the participants.
🎈Lastly, `food` is another important part. Consider the background of the participants of the conference and provide proper `food` for them.

