- what would be the best way of approaching the customers who own you money?
- how the company could discourage customers from paying late in future?


1. To set up context: what type of the manufacturing company are you working for?
　　Example:
　　We are working for a company that manufactures shoes/computer hardware/ cosmetics/ medicine/ lighting equipment/ cameras ……

2. Best ways of approaching the companies who owe money
　　(1) Modest ways: telephone/ write email/ hold meetings to remind and persuade their owners
　　(2) Formal ways: bring an action against them to ask for payment and penalty charges

3. Future solutions --- please find answers from unit 3b in the textbook of BEC Vantage and information from a reading passage in lesson 7 of BEC Vantage online course; but do remember to find relevant solutions related to customers not your staff or your suppliers.
　　· Ask customers for cash on delivery
　　· Reduce credit terms from 30 to 20 days
　　· Add penalty charges for late payment: There should be legal penalties for late payment. Late payers should be legally required to pay interest on the debt. To be effective, the interest rate would be high.
　　· Finally, a system of fines (to be paid in addition to the interest payments) should be introduced.
　　· Our company should sign contracts with customers to obtain payment for outstanding debts.

1. our company that manufactures computer is experiencing `cash flow problems` due to delays in receiving payments from customers. And what is your opinion of the best way of approaching the companies who owe money.

2. At First, We can `write an email to remind `those companies that they forget to pay the money. And maybe `telephone will be more direct and effective way to remind them`.

3. If those methods doesn't work, we can `bring an action against them` to ask for payment and penalty charges. Lawyer's letter might a good action.

4. `Now let's move to the next issue`. how the company could discourage customers from paying late in future?

5. there are lots of methods can be taken. Firstly, we can `ask customers for cash on delivery`. Second, we can `reduce credit terms from 30 to 20 days`. And what's the other measures in you opinion we can take?

6.  we can `add penalty charges for late payment` in our contracts. It means, Our company should sign contracts with customers to obtain payment for outstanding debts. And late payers should be legally required to pay interest on the debt. To be effective, the interest rate would be high.

7. Finally, a system of fines (to be paid in addition to the interest payments) should be introduced.