advertising for a job opening

1. To fill the vacancy, we are going to advertise the post.

2. Nowadays advertising is one of the most common methods of attracting applicants. 

3. When advertising a job, the choice of publication is important. There are many channels of exposure to the advertisment: Newspapers, Internet ads, recruiting Website, business cards, flyers.

4. When choosing a publication, we should consider its readers or listeners. We should make sure whether it is directed to a wide range of readers or listeners or just to a particular group. 

5. It's also important to consider advertising fee. The advertising cost should be reasonable and affordable, somewhere around the company's budget.

6. In our case, we should choose a local publication instead of a national one.  As a commercial and cultural center, we have a lot of talents here. What do you think of an influential local newspaper?

7. Newspaper advertising is the cheapest way of reaching large numbers of readers, including the general public, our potential job applicants.

8. To recruit the right people, we should also consider the contents of the advertisement.

9. Besides the basic information as time, place and contact address, the description of applicants' qualification and the specifications of the opening should be included.

10. Because it can cut down the number of applicants, attract the desirable people and thus reduce staff turnover.

11. To attract ideal applicants, it's also necessary for our job advertisement to show the responsiveness of our company to the job and career needs of the applicants.

12. This is also a chance to publicise the image of our company. To publicise our company, the advertisement should be well-designed and cover general information of our company.


14. In a company with great potentiality, you can expect new opportunities for career development, satisfying salary and other material success which ensure comfortable life.

15. A challenging job will get you improved and competitive in knowedge, abilities, and skills. Being competitive will then bring you new chances and success in society.

16. A challenging job pushes you to be competitive. Being competitive in your job will give you a sense of fulfillment and confidence.

17. The interpersonal relationship among colleagues are mentally crucial to one and will affect the development of one's career.

18. salary is important for bread and milk and should be reasonable and match what I've contributed to the organization.

19. certificates can at least prove a person's abilities, knowledge or techniques pertinent to the job. And companies don't have to prepare training for them and thus reduce costs.