- what are the reasons behind your company's losing market share?
- what measures can be taken to improve the situation?

0. We carried out a `market survey` last week and we found that our company is losing the market share in razor products recently. ... from the results of the survey.

1. 20% of customers think that they `cannot have a big choice` for our products, so our products `range is not wide enough`.

2. Another problem is that our products are `not so easy to handle`, you see, 10% of our customers think so.

3. And last month, `a new competitor` who's products cheaper than us `entered the market` . In a very short period, it has gained 8% of the market share.

4. No wonder our market share is falling.

5. It's time to `look at what measures` we should take to improve the situation.

6. We must `enlarge our present product` range to maintain our market share.

7. We must `increase our product variety` to suit customers tastes. But it's not enough, we still must `modify our products` to imporve customers satisfaction.

8. we can `develop a compeletely new product`.  You see, the competition is very fierce, in order to remain competition, we have to develop new products. 

8. And the new products should have `good quality and technical performance` and the `price should be reasonable`.

8. And for this new product, we can offer some free samples to encourage customers to buy.

8. Should we `cut the price` of our poducts?

8. I dont think this measure will do. Cutting price will `affect our product image`.

9. We can` use trading stamps`, `premiums` to increase sales. Since people cannot refuse promotion. it will be very useful to keep the market share.

9. we can also `find new markets` for the existing products. 

10. After taking those measures, I'm sure we can `remain dominant` in the market place and `maintain our market share`.